The Joe Rogan experience. I miss training with Dwayne.
Like I'm that whole situation with Faber, obviously. Very.
Very upsetting.
Yeah, it is man. And I, I stayed out of the middle of it. You know,
I have a ton of respect for favor and I have a ton of respect for Dwayne. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I love both of those guys that sucked and you know,
I've talked to Dwayne about it and I talked to favor about it. I'm like, ah,
I know I can't do anything.
I don't know them well enough to get in the middle of it and arbitrary,
but I feel like the improvement that everybody was making under Dwayne was
tangible. It was noticeable. Yeah. So he came along and then all of a sudden,
all of a sudden everybody had his foot work. They're moving good.
The striking combinations seem to be improving. I agree. Yup.
TJ for sure was the most he benefited the.
Most. He took to it. Probably the best for sure.
Like a duck to water. Yeah. Yeah.
Perfect. For TJ, his style of wrestling,
his body style and his ability to, I mean,
TJ is one of those guys that gets obsessed too.
And him and Dwayne just really meshed on that, on that fact of notepad.
Right. And, you know, mapping everything out.
And TJ has that memory, you know,
that kind of comes along with it where he can remember all these different,
crazy combos and then get out there and actually perform it.
Like that takes a special athlete to be able to see that thing on paper,
train it and then actually hit it in a flight. For sure.
Thinking about his fight with San Hagan was San Hagan had him in a triangle,
locked up. And I was like, man,
I wonder if he had some like pointers on how to finish that
better. That would have been it because it seemed locked the in.
I mean he went to through, uh, through a knee. Right. And then, uh,
TJ takes him down and in the process of taking him down,
he locks up fully locked up triangle early in the fight. And I was like,
man, I feel like he's got this. I was like, I thought TJ was going to tap.
[Inaudible] yeah, man. I mean that dude's a beast.
I was worried for TJ going into that fight. I mean,
that's a lot of people are like, oh,
I think TJ is going to go in there and just destroy. And I'm like, ah, like.
[Inaudible] the only guy who's ever really destroyed him was um,
was all Joe and all Joe took him down and choked him and Aljamain has
got some nasty jujitsu, you know? Yup.
No, I,
I definitely knew this was gonna be a tough fight and it was a tough fight
coming off of that long, you know? And I, TJ is not getting a tune up fight.
Like this is gonna make or break like show everyone.
TJ is back or TJ is going to have to fight a couple of times and get back. But.
It's close to the decision as you're ever going to say. Yeah.
I mean like you could S you could make an argument that,
that San Hagan did more damage and you can make an argument that, uh,
Dillashaw controlled. The more I'm a damaged guy.
I lean towards damage always. Yeah. But.
The whole SAS.
Fight, both sides fight. I.
I guarantee they're going to run it back. Oh,
we're going to see that at least one more time. Yeah.
So, well, unfortunately with TJ surgery, I mean,
he has like several major tears in that knee.
You really never know what a guy is.
Like once you get your knee mangled like that, because the pain,
like it might inhibit training, it might become a problem. You know,
it's so hard to say on TJ, his post,
you said it happened at this part right here where his knee gets all twisted.
Yeah. He'll hook right there. That's the heel hook. Yeah.
So he was yanking on that heel hook. Yep. You could see it. I mean,
we'll go back and by the way, that is the worst kind of hill look,
the inside heel hook, right. There is so nasty.
So TJ just didn't tap and he just Torres his apart.
Yeah. You can see it. They're.
Keeping, keeping his weight off it there for a second.
Here. He falls to on the second round. It's just, well,
I'm sure because his knee was mangled and look at him stepping on it. Funny.
Yeah. He's walking. I guess I.
Didn't notice that before, but.
Yeah, he, he played it off. Well,
he really did a good job playing it off and gutting it out because he was
obviously in like some serious pain right there. He got clipped,
but part of getting dropped there was because he had no balance on that left
leg. It was very wobbly, you know,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.